
###Basic CSS
Imitation is the best form of flattery! As for me, this week has been all about copying and trying to understand how coding functions. Whether it was new HTML terms, CSS uses or even PureCSS, there have been a myraid of things to learn. 

In order to understand how CSS worked, I dug up my old codeacademy files. It was a process relearning how the brackets functioned, how these style sheets cascaded and especially how tables worked. However, I felt that my understanding of HTML was adequate enough that introducing CSS into the mix wasn't too difficult. However, adding in Pure CSS or Bootstrap definitely changed the game. 

Relearning concepts was relatively easy. I quickly picked up how CSS functioned and played around modifying text families and adding divisions that modified the size of the text. However, I was completely lost when it came to using Bootstrap or PureCSS. 

I quickly learned that it was essential to read and how important it was to understand. I believe that in order to learn a new skill, one needs to practice it over and over again. So, that's what I did with Pure CSS. I opened up one of the webpages, inspected the element and copied it over into a text editor. 

In order to learn these new skills, or even relearn the old ones, I had to understand where my base understandings started. I looked for any previous personal experience. I found myself my 'mentors'. Most of all, I practiced by copying.


##Do two lefts make a right?
I'm trying out bootstrap now. My co-worker highly recommened it. He showed me how to properly work with boot strap. He also gave me a tutorial for on the W3 Schools for utilizing bootstrap. 

I made a website with bootstrap. It's a little basic but one of the biggest benefits about bootstrap is that it inherently has an adaptive design. The bootstrap website and tutorials suprised me as they were relatively simple to pickup and go through once I had proper guidance. All I really had to do was learn how to link the Bootstrap CDN, look through a couple of templates and read through the code. 

Both PureCSS and Bootstrap were suprisingly easy to pickup. Hopefully, I'll grow to understand both concepts more and more. 
