
###Main Problem / Aim
	The main goal of my historicizing project is to convey what the role of commenting is within the source code of an HTML document. This element, ‘commenting’ originated in the very first version of HTML, but over time, it has developed into an intricate tool that developers use in a myriad of ways. Here are some use cases that have developed with the <comment> element. The first, non-intentional way to utilize commenting has been to historicize lengths of code without deleting the file itself. By commenting certain parts of code out, developers are able to leave historical documents within their source code for future developers to read and understand. Another way that this element has developed is how developers write out comment code. At the point of origin, the use of commenting has been utilized to provide documentation or at least a snapshot of authorial intent within a document. However, as time has progressed, commenting has gotten more laid back and much less ‘clear’. Now, we begin to see comments such as jokes, puns or even remarks about their work and position. 
###What Conceptual tools will direct / guide
	I will be using two tools to do an analysis on the role of commenting within the source code of an HTML document. This first tool, will be a historical overview of how the role of commenting has progressed over time. It will look the historical markers that occurred between each significant change in documentation. How the process of inserting #comment tags into source code has changed per HTML iteration. Likewise, I plan to mark how long trends of commenting has lasted vs how long has the base operation of the commenting lasted without being modified. 
The other tool that I will use to analyze the role of commenting is an analysis of ‘causus belli’, or the motivation behind why things occur. Authors have intent and through that intent, they are able to write and talk about why they chose to write in certain pieces of code. By analyzing the motivation of why comment code is written, I would be able to understand how it changes adapts and transforms to match the needs of the writers as time progresses. I think that one of the most important things that I can discover by utilizing this tool is the in-depth analysis of what the purpose of commenting is in our modern day programming classes and self-taught classes. 

###The Link
My projects aims and the tools that I am using to do my analysis are intimately linked. While my analysis may be dry in its approach, due its look at the ‘historical’ nature of a document, I believe that my analysis will encapsulate how the element has developed as well as the reasoning behind of it. Likewise, I believe that by doing a thorough analysis on the why, I will be able to determine the how and when the commenting element is used throughout the code. History is the marker by which people made decisions. As I canvas the historical documentation on code and discover why the creators did the things they did, I believe that I will be able to understand how commenting has developed its role within an HTML document. 

###Weaknesses
Apparently, I missed the main aim of the project. Generally, I would like to focus on that. My website seems to be blanket historicizing projects that are very much like blog posts. I realize that as an author, I do suffer from that approach to writing. Each post is it’s own encapsulated concept and it doesn’t really drive a main point home. In fact, most of the points only talk about ‘something interesting’ that occurred in the element of HTML commenting. I plan to revise the organizational structure of my website to make it more linear and hierarchal. Likewise, I think that I need to fix the navigation in my website so that specific pages can be accessed from the bottom of the page. Last of all, I need to fix the images on my page. I want to cut down on visual clutter and make the images I post to be genuinely relevant to the page as well as hopeful in their implementation.  

